hello so today I'm going to be dye my
hair purple and I have this dye and mm
this dye or so I was gonna dilute the
die but then I decided who cares I want
bright purple hair so that's what I'm
gonna be doing today and i'm going to be
mixing them so it kind of hopefully
comes out the perfect shade I'm gonna
add some of this first I really think I
should dilute it it smells like I don't
know oh my god that looks like it's
black
and then this I'll tell you have to open
it f it color jams always smells wicked
good one on the other hand you got this
other one that smells like
you can like see the different color
severe how they vary let's mix this hi
so excuse a quality of my hair right now
and everything else I'm going to add the
dye and it looks like it's black that
spooks me let's get started
all right once you've dyed your hair and
go on to your extensions I've already
died most of them are over there I
forgot to record but it's simple you get
your die you wipe it on like this and
you make sure it's evenly spread
throughout everything and you're all set
that's how you do it that's all you do